#
# Manpage
#

=head1 NAME

smt-support

=head1 SYNOPSIS

smt-support [OPTION [OPTION ...]]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<smt-support> manages uploaded support data (coming from the supportconfig
tool or its equivalents), allows to forward them to Novell, either selectively
or all.

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 COMMANDLINE

=over

=item -h, --help

Shows the help screen

=item -i, --incoming <directory>

Sets the incoming directory where supportconfig archives are uploaded.
Also set with SMT_INCOMING environment variable.

=item -l, --list

Lists the uploaded supportconfig archives (This is the default action)

=item -r, --remove <archive>

Deletes the specified archive

=item -R, --empty

Deletes all archives in the incoming directory

=item -u, --upload <archive>

Uploads the specified archive to Novell, and repackages archive with
contact information if options -sncpe are given

=item -U, --uploadall

Uploads all archives in the incoming directory to Novell

=item -s, --srnum <SR number>

The Novell Service Request 11 digit number

=item -n, --name <Name>

Contact's first and last name in quotes

=item -c, --company <Company>

Company name

=item -d, --storeid <id>

Enter the store ID if applicable

=item -t, --terminalid <id>

Enter the Terminal ID if applicable

=item -p, --phone <Phone>

The contact phone number

=item -e, --email <Email>

Contact email address

=item --keep-after-upload

Preserve archive(s) on SMT server after upload even if uploaded successfully

=back

=head1 AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS

Duncan Mac-Vicar Prett, Lukas Ocilka, Jens Daniel Schmidt, Michael Calmer,
Jason Record, Jiri Srain

=head1 LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008 SUSE LINUX Products GmbH, Nuernberg, Germany.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass
Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=cut


